[Docs] Migrate Cython for NumPy users section to pure python (#5913)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/numpy_tutorial.rst

The GIL must be released (see :ref:`Releasing the GIL <nogil>`), so this is why we
declare our :func:`clip` function ``nogil``.

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Pure Python

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/userguide/numpy_tutorial/compute_prange.py
            :lines: 3-

    .. group-tab:: Cython

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/userguide/numpy_tutorial/compute_prange.pyx
            :lines: 3-

.. note::

>     Currently, Cython is checking whether there was a raised exception after every call of the function ``clip()``. Checking a raised exception requires GIL to be held which causes an overhead (see :issue:`5586` for the details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently, Cython is checking whether there was a raised exception after every call of the function ``clip()``.
    Checking a raised exception requires the GIL to be held which causes overhead inside a `nogil` loop.
    The need to check here is a bug with functions returning a fused type (see :issue:`5586` for the details).
```

I've just made it clear that it applies to fused return types, since generally people would be better using `except -1`.
